Huawei surprised us with his smart watch
during the mobile world congress 2015
but not as much as the first game for
steam vr called job simulator from this
of that no chronic plate for new 3ds and
of sonic that we speak today takes it
white and this is today fix from 3 of
March 2015
to the news that arrived desired
during the last weeks joins a
new information about your games
for that reason to publish that there has been
dismissals and that will focus on the
mobile phones televisions
smart markets and markets away from
traditional consoles though by the
way we found out that sonic no
the boss himself will leave this market
the list is almost sonic team has
affirmed that they will not stop doing
sonic games for consoles
domestic but of course we see sonic boom and
we do not know what to think the positive is that
the sonic team had nothing to do with
the game mentioned and move on
with its own developments
it is clear that they make chronic blades not
he lacks fans and that he finally leaves for
the nintendo laptops is a whole
event not only so
they suppose like games but to be
reserved for new models to no
try 3ds and 3ds xl receive ammunition
to show that they are not a small
review of what we already know that are
new consoles with more memory better
processor screens that look luxurious
and a 3d that does not tide good to us
we liked the effect at the moment for
what a lie we loved and until
come the analysis we can only think
in this reunion it is convenient
we have already quite touched the samsung
galaxy s 6 in its two versions soon
we will have it on the plate of ig in
Spain - but after the surprise between
quotes we also see that there is a lot that
teach in the mobile world congress 2015
with microsoft and its new lumia that
follow the plan to complete the range
although for the moment they focus on models
Affordable very attractive and with colors
striking or htc who has presented his
htc one
m9 to fight at the top soni ha
done the same with more expedited to this
Huawei has taught us something special a
smart watch with luxury screen
no more or less than 400 x 400 pixels
more than my nintendo 3ds and the fair is still
so check out our
articles
chooses in spain 'that we stopped him yesterday
we counted that sting and htc had
agreed to develop the
virtual reality and augmented by their
own media because we already know the name
one of the games that will open the
bet long and for the title they give us
a little scary about everything one and no no
it's slender or out lapse that goes it's called
owlchemy labs job simulator a game
that shows us a world where
robots do everything from cooking to
more varied jobs so the robots
They decide to return the man to his home in
the world and they propose that humans
they learn to work that is scary
error work let's stop doing
that we work for a moment and let's
that the machines continue in their mission of
dominate the world until you have arrived
today's daily fix remember you can see
All our videos choose in Spain
our YouTube channel and with the
free for ps4 and today I send you a
very strong greeting for my friend is a
I miss you